rename quick-install-guide.md (#6607)
pingcap/docs: data-migration/aurora/increment-aurora.md

DM relies on the `ROW`-formatted binlog for incremental replication, so you need to enable the binary logging for an Aurora MySQL cluster. For the configuration instructions, refer to Amazon's document [Enable binary for an Aurora Cluster](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/enable-binary-logging-aurora/?nc1=h_ls).

> It is recommmend to  migrate data based on GTIDs (global transaction identifiers). For how to enable it, refer to Amazon's document [Configuring GTID-Based Replication for an Aurora MySQL Cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/mysql-replication-gtid.html#mysql-replication-gtid.configuring-aurora).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommmend to  migrate data based on GTIDs (global transaction identifiers). For more information about how to enable it, refer to Amazon's document [Configuring GTID-Based Replication for an Aurora MySQL Cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/mysql-replication-gtid.html#mysql-replication-gtid.configuring-aurora).
```

> It is recommmend to  migrate data based on GTIDs (global transaction identifiers). For more information about how to enable it, refer to Amazon's document [Configuring GTID-Based Replication for an Aurora MySQL Cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/mysql-replication-gtid.html#mysql-replication-gtid.configuring-aurora).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is recommended to migrate data based on GTIDs (global transaction identifiers). For more information about how to enable it, refer to Amazon's document [Configuring GTID-Based Replication for an Aurora MySQL Cluster](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/mysql-replication-gtid.html#mysql-replication-gtid.configuring-aurora).
```

## Step 2. Configure the data source

Create a configuration file describing the upstream library information `source1.yaml`:

```yaml
# Unique name for database
source-id: "aurora-replica-01"

# To migrate data based on GTID, you need to set this item to true.
enable-gtid: false

from:
  host: "${host}" # address of database, eg: test-dm-2-0.cluster-czrtqco96yc6.us-east-2.rds.amazonaws.com

>   user: "${user_name}"    # username of database, eg: root

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  user: "${user_name}"    # username of database, for example: root
```

>   password: "${password}"  # It is recommended to use database passwords encrypted by `dmctl encrypt`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  password: "${password}"  # It is recommended to use database passwords encrypted by `dmctl encrypt`
```
配置说明里一般不带句号

tiup dmctl --master-addr 127.0.0.1:8261 operate-source create dm-test/source1.yaml
```

| Parameter | Description |
| :--------| :------------|
| `--master-addr`                     | Master API server addr. |
| `operate-source`                    | `create`/`update`/`stop`/`show` upstream MySQL/MariaDB source. |

Usage of `dmctl encrypt`: [Encrypt the database password using dmctl](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-data-migration/stable/manage-source#encrypt-the-database-password)

> All avaiable command of `dmctl` could be found in [Maintain DM Clusters Using dmctl](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-data-migration/stable/dmctl-introduction)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find all available `dmctl` commands in [Maintain DM Clusters Using dmctl](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-data-migration/stable/dmctl-introduction)
```

> When the data sources are successfully added, the return information of each data source includes a DM-worker bound to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the data sources are successfully added, each data source returns information that includes a DM-worker bound to it.
```

tiup dmctl --master-addr 127.0.0.1:8261 operate-source create dm-test/source1.yaml
```

| Parameter | Description |
| :--------| :------------|

> | `--master-addr`                     | Master API server addr. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--master-addr`                     | Master API server address. |
```

| `operate-source`                    | `create`/`update`/`stop`/`show` upstream MySQL/MariaDB source. |

Usage of `dmctl encrypt`: [Encrypt the database password using dmctl](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-data-migration/stable/manage-source#encrypt-the-database-password)

> You can find all available `dmctl` commands in [Maintain DM Clusters Using dmctl](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-data-migration/stable/dmctl-introduction)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find all the available `dmctl` commands in [Maintain DM Clusters Using dmctl](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-data-migration/stable/dmctl-introduction).
```
